# 2.1.0
2024-01-31

## Info
- The two generator-functions have been moved to the new FeatureManager as static methods.
- The introduction of the StyleManager also brought some changes in the options-object that is passed to these methods (See README_INTERNAL.md for usage).
    - generateWindBarb
    - generateIconMarker

## Bugs
- Fixed errors that pulse-animation could be called several times for the same feature
- Fixed function-buttons width exceeding parent window width, user must now scroll the footer
- Changed to relative paths when loading custom json-config, should fix problem loading files when not hosted in root:
    - ./assets/config/
    - ./assets/i18n/

## New Features
- Added StyleManager to drastically improve performance of generated styles. 
  The manager keeps track of created styles with specified properties and re-uses the objects whenever possible.
- Added FeatureManager that is responsible for creating IconMarkers and WindBarbs.
  The manager also has helpers methods the can be reused across many tools to check for properties on the Features.
- Added scrollIntoView-function to scroll the activated tool's settings in focus in the toolbox
- Added pulse-animation of selected WindBarb
- Added splitted groups in ToolboxContainer, ex. color inputs side by side
- Added splitted groups in Modals, ex. color inputs side by side
- Added in-bounds check to ContextMenu so the menu is moved towards the top to always try to show all options to the user
- Added new function to the ColorPicker to expand it if other colors are needed than the default palette
- Added internal state for selectedFeature, selectedVectorSection, hoveredVectorSection
  A vector shape tagged with shouldHighlightOnHover will be kept highlighted if a infoWindow exists and is displayed
- Added new clickevent to the __dot element in the layerlist to set the selected featurelayer (same as clicking the name)

## Refactoring
- Minor style changes
- IconMarker now uses the strokeColor and not the fillColor to create the faded stroke
- Removed the custom has- and get-property methods, replaced with _.has and _.get from lodash
    - hasNestedProperty
    - hasCustomFeatureProperty
    - getNestedProperty
    - getCustomFeatureProperty

## Packages
- multikey-map 0.2.1
